feat(changelog): object-storage-added-lifecycle-rules-now-allow-to-abort 2024-09-16 (#3700)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2024/2024-09-16-object-storage-added-lifecycle-rules-now-allow-to-abort.mdx

---

> title: Lifecycle rules now allow to abort multipart uploads in Console

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Lifecycle rules now allow to abort multipart uploads in the Scaleway console
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #object-storage channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-09-16
category: storage
product: object-storage
---

> It is now possible to configure a lifecycle rule from the Console to automatically abort your uncomplete multipart uploads after a chosen number of days. Learn here how to start configuring lifecycle rules in Console: https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/storage/object/how-to/manage-lifecycle-rules/
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to configure a lifecycle rule from the Scaleway console to automatically abort your incomplete multipart uploads after a chosen number of days. Learn [how to start configuring lifecycle rules](/storage/object/how-to/manage-lifecycle-rules/) from the console.
```
